Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain
            the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in
            Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles
            and JavaScript.
Advertisement
You can also search for this author in PubMed
 Google Scholar
US president-elect Joe Biden has nominated Michael Regan, North Carolina’s top environmental regulator, to lead the country’s Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) — and scientists and environmentalists are optimistic.

Access Nature and 54 other Nature Portfolio journals
Get Nature+, our best-value online-access subscription
$29.99 / 30 days
cancel any time
Subscribe to this journal
Receive 51 print issues and online access
$199.00 per year
only $3.90 per issue
Rent or buy this article
Prices vary by article type
from$1.95
to$39.95
Prices may be subject to local taxes which are calculated during checkout
doi: https://doi.org/10.1038/d41586-020-03621-6
Reprints and permissions
Can Joe Biden rebuild the ravaged US Environmental Protection Agency?
How to rebuild the US Environmental Protection Agency
Science under siege: behind the scenes at Trump’s troubled environment agency
Can Joe Biden make good on his revolutionary climate agenda?
Researchers: concentrate on bread-and-butter issues to get political buy-in
Correspondence 07 JAN 25
Is political interference causing faculty brain drain in the southern United States?
Career News 20 DEC 24
Inside an Argentinian nuclear reactor, science and politics collide
Spotlight 19 DEC 24
Science communication has a problem — communication
Correspondence 07 JAN 25
Biodiversity credits are more problematic than carbon credits
Correspondence 07 JAN 25
Researchers: concentrate on bread-and-butter issues to get political buy-in
Correspondence 07 JAN 25
Researchers: concentrate on bread-and-butter issues to get political buy-in
Correspondence 07 JAN 25
2025 must be the year when the rules of global finance are reformed
Editorial 30 DEC 24
‘The next five years will be a crucial time’: meet the analyst shaping space policy
Spotlight 17 DEC 24
Tampa, Florida
H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute
Qualified postdoctoral candidates are invited to join the laboratory of Dr. Vassilis Koliatsos at the Division of Neuropathology, Johns Hopkins Uni...
Baltimore, Maryland
Johns Hopkins University, School of Medicine Department of Pathology/Division of Neuropathology
International Research Training Group (IRTG) PhD Positions in Molecular Biomedicine and Translational Oncology at University of Cologne, Germany.
Cologne, Nordrhein-Westfalen (DE)
University of Cologne - Pathology
A Postdoctoral Research Associate position is available for 2 years in human 3D organoid-based disease modelling in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (...
Cambridge, Cambridgeshire
University of Cambridge, Department of Clinical Neurosciences
At all ranks who focus on research in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, and Machine Learning in Health Care and Medical Sciences.
Beijing, China
The Chinese Institutes for Medical Research (CIMR), Beijing

Can Joe Biden rebuild the ravaged US Environmental Protection Agency?
How to rebuild the US Environmental Protection Agency
Science under siege: behind the scenes at Trump’s troubled environment agency
Can Joe Biden make good on his revolutionary climate agenda?
An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday.
Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter — what matters in science, free to your inbox daily.
Nature (Nature)
                

ISSN 1476-4687 (online)
    

ISSN 0028-0836 (print)
© 2025 Springer Nature Limited