Thank you for visiting nature.com. You are using a browser version with limited support for CSS. To obtain
            the best experience, we recommend you use a more up to date browser (or turn off compatibility mode in
            Internet Explorer). In the meantime, to ensure continued support, we are displaying the site without styles
            and JavaScript.
Advertisement
You can also search for this author in PubMed
 Google Scholar
A week after granting an emergency-use authorization for the country’s first COVID-19 vaccine, US regulators have followed with a second: another RNA vaccine, this one made by Moderna of Cambridge, Massachusetts.

Access Nature and 54 other Nature Portfolio journals
Get Nature+, our best-value online-access subscription
$29.99 / 30 days
cancel any time
Subscribe to this journal
Receive 51 print issues and online access
$199.00 per year
only $3.90 per issue
Rent or buy this article
Prices vary by article type
from$1.95
to$39.95
Prices may be subject to local taxes which are calculated during checkout
doi: https://doi.org/10.1038/d41586-020-03593-7
Update 19 December 2020: This story was updated to reflect that the US Food and Drug Administration issued an emergency-use authorization for the Moderna vaccine.
Reprints and permissions
US authorization of first COVID vaccine marks new phase in safety monitoring
The UK has approved a COVID vaccine — here’s what scientists now want to know
COVID vaccine excitement builds as Moderna reports third positive result
What Pfizer’s landmark COVID vaccine results mean for the pandemic
Why emergency COVID-19 vaccine approvals pose a dilemma for scientists:
Moderna: The billion-dollar biotech
Heritable polygenic editing: the next frontier in genomic medicine?
Analysis 08 JAN 25
A vision–language foundation model for precision oncology
Article 08 JAN 25
Skin in the game — locally made antibodies fight resident bacteria
News & Views 19 DEC 24
A gut fungus protects mice against parasitic worms but increases allergies
News & Views 11 DEC 24
Sick animals suggest COVID pandemic started in Wuhan market
News 04 DEC 24
Why a teenager’s bird-flu infection is ringing alarm bells for scientists
News Explainer 20 NOV 24
What will viruses do next? AI is helping scientists predict their evolution
News 08 JAN 25
This malaria vaccine is delivered by a mosquito bite
News 20 NOV 24
Evolving antibody response to SARS-CoV-2 antigenic shift from XBB to JN.1
Article 07 NOV 24
Tampa, Florida
H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute
Qualified postdoctoral candidates are invited to join the laboratory of Dr. Vassilis Koliatsos at the Division of Neuropathology, Johns Hopkins Uni...
Baltimore, Maryland
Johns Hopkins University, School of Medicine Department of Pathology/Division of Neuropathology
International Research Training Group (IRTG) PhD Positions in Molecular Biomedicine and Translational Oncology at University of Cologne, Germany.
Cologne, Nordrhein-Westfalen (DE)
University of Cologne - Pathology
A Postdoctoral Research Associate position is available for 2 years in human 3D organoid-based disease modelling in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (...
Cambridge, Cambridgeshire
University of Cambridge, Department of Clinical Neurosciences
At all ranks who focus on research in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, and Machine Learning in Health Care and Medical Sciences.
Beijing, China
The Chinese Institutes for Medical Research (CIMR), Beijing

US authorization of first COVID vaccine marks new phase in safety monitoring
The UK has approved a COVID vaccine — here’s what scientists now want to know
COVID vaccine excitement builds as Moderna reports third positive result
What Pfizer’s landmark COVID vaccine results mean for the pandemic
Why emergency COVID-19 vaccine approvals pose a dilemma for scientists:
Moderna: The billion-dollar biotech
An essential round-up of science news, opinion and analysis, delivered to your inbox every weekday.
Sign up for the Nature Briefing newsletter — what matters in science, free to your inbox daily.
Nature (Nature)
                

ISSN 1476-4687 (online)
    

ISSN 0028-0836 (print)
© 2025 Springer Nature Limited